But let's look again at what happens if you don't follow standard naming conventions for your top parameters,
which the exam may not at times not demonstrated an example of that in a previous video in this section.
But I want to demonstrate another here.
So what we need to do is create a class called generic confusion.
Pasting the code.
So take a good look at this generic class container here on line nine.
So if you're 60 minutes into the exam, you may not recognize what this code is actually doing, it's
using no as a top parameter code instead of a more standard practice, such as E or T, which is allowed,
but terribly confusing.
So this case number in this class no longer represents javadoc length or number, but represents whatever
type that's used when the class is declared the scrolling down further in my method here.
I'm declaring a variable of container, string and angle brackets.
So now the instance variable in the container is string further on.
I'm creating a container which contains an integer array and a container of unknown error.
The code obviously compiles, as you can see there, and when we run it.
We get the following output at the bottom if I follow the convention.
When declaring container and use T or E, it would have been a great deal less confusing, but let's
consider one more example.
Let's add some more code to this class, fall to the bottom.
You can see the classes called cardboard container of to find two constructor's that looked nearly the
same, both to find a single argument to the constructor.
The code doesn't compile, but not for the reason you might think so.
It's filing on line fifty two that my favorite was my third line and not the declaration of what looks
like a duplicate constructor and the actual error if we have over it, required type T provided T.
That's pretty confusing as well.
So the problem here is that the second constructor is using a method type rabidity which hides the top
rabidity of the class when used in this particular constructor.
So this means the type of the parameter pass to this constructor may not be the same type of the instance
field my field.
This is where the constructor declaration was allowed.
The overloaded constructors do not have the same signature.
So if we come in at this line on fifty to.
Now the code compiles, but what happens when I use this class constructor method with the same type,
so which constructor is going to be invoked?
Well, let's test this out.
Let's go back up to our method and we'll paste in some code here.
We'll run this.
In Deconstructive, as you can see there.
That confirms the first constructor was executed, the tribe posting some more code into our main method.
Let's run this.
And you could say this time the second constructor was executed, so the compiler used type inference
to determine that it was the second constructor that should be called the alternatively.
What I could do is I put in some more code, possible code into the main method.
Let's run that.
Again, the airport confirms that the compiler is not confusing the constructors.
We've got the same response there, the output from the second constructor.
So let's go down to our classic and we're going to make a change to the second constructor of our cardboard
container class, I'm just going to paste that one line in.
This has produced a compiler error on the first constructor.
Now I've created clashing constructors.
When I remove the upper band, as I did when I replaced the declaration, a line 59 type erasure erases
both methods to type object with the upper bound declaration.
The constructor with the upper band was erased to a number and not object.
So undo that change.
This cop Termin method again, so going to replace lines forty two, three, forty six.
So Buchard like to see what I'm doing, they're using the diamond notation on the right hand side of
the assignment instead of string, as it originally was.
So both of these changes have resulted in Karbala errors.
The first one, if we hover over it, can I infer arguments and able to resolve constructor and the
second?
Karma is diamonds with explicit top parameters for constructor.
So leave is there for the moment, I want to make one more change to the second constructor in a cardboard
container class.
Let's get into that, a second constructor here.
So I'm going to do is just simply change T to V.
So first of all, this makes it a bit clearer that the class is tight perimeter maybe probably will
be different than the other constructor's in addition of eliminated one of the two compiler errors that
I introduced previously.
And if you go back up to our my method here.
We've now only got the one area here, cannery's diamonds with explicit type parameters for constructability,
which we can fix by putting string in a diamond.
And you can say the code now compiles, we could run it.
And everything's back to working, as it should be.
So in this and the previous videos, examples of demonstrated, firstly overloaded constructor's one
using the class type parameter t bone to create its own type parameter, which hit the class top parameter
of the same name t the methods were considered overloaded and not clashing because the generic method
constructor used an upper bound on its declared type parameter, so the compiler was able to distinguish
between them.
When invoking the constructor's dominated session on the right hand side of the assignment statement
was not permitted while the second constructor hid the class parameter time a change, the top code
from Tator v. The diamond notation was permitted when I was not using an explicit top argument for the
number, constructor and darba notation.
On the right hand side of the assignment statement is not permitted if the generic method constructor
is invoked using an explicit type argument.
So let's end in the video here.
Next, I'm going to be asking you a few quick questions and then we'll move on in this section to start
talking about the collection's framework.
Good luck and I'll see you on the other side of the quiz.